README.md, before:

## PerfGraph: **Algorithm Time Complexity Visualization and Scalability Analysis**

### Objective:
- The project helps to visualise the effect of apllication logic on end to end latency and scalability of the application using Grafana.

### Components:
1. **k8s Setup:**
   - Use `kind` (or `k3ds`, `minikube` etc) to create a local Kubernetes cluster, providing a controlled environment for deploying the app.

2. **Backend API**
   - FasAPI frontend to provide different APIs.
   - Each endpoint will trigger the execution of the algorithm and measure the execution time.

3. **Visualisation Metrics:**
   - ***Prometheus*** with the API to scrape and collect metrics on:
     - Execution latency of each algorithm
     - "N" used for execution of algo
   - ***Grafana*** dashboard to visualize the collected metrics -
     - Execution time of each algorithm wrt "N"

### Internals

### Tools Used:
- `rye` for package management for Python
- `prometheus` for metrics capturing and exporting
- `grafana` for metrics dashboarding and visualisation

### Testing Steps
- Follow the below steps to get it up and running:- 
  - TODO: Add Steps

Commit message:

1. Added observability, to be filled 2. Added load generator script 3. temp steps in README 4. labels fixing 5. Expect port from env 6. Moved metrics bucket to ms

README.md, after:

## PerfGraph: **Algorithm Time Complexity Visualization and Scalability Analysis**

### Objective:
- The project helps to visualise the effect of application logic on end to end latency and scalability of the application using Grafana.

### Components:
1. **k8s Setup:**
   - Use `kind` (or `k3ds`, `minikube` etc) to create a local Kubernetes cluster, providing a controlled environment for deploying the app.

2. **Backend API**
   - FasAPI frontend to provide different APIs.
   - Each endpoint will trigger the execution of the algorithm and measure the execution time.

3. **Visualisation Metrics:**
   - ***Prometheus*** with the API to scrape and collect metrics on:
     - Execution latency of each algorithm
     - "N" used for execution of algo
   - ***Grafana*** dashboard to visualize the collected metrics -
     - Execution time of each algorithm wrt "N"

### Internals

### Tools Used:
- `rye` for package management for Python
- `prometheus` for metrics capturing and exporting
- `grafana` for metrics dashboarding and visualisation

### Testing Steps
- Follow the below steps to get it up and running:- 
  - TODO: Add Steps

### Temp Steps
- Run Prometheus
   `docker run --name prometheus -d -p 127.0.0.1:9090:9090 prom/prometheus`
- Run Grafana
   `brew services start grafana`
